Market Needs Analysis for Chip-Scale Atomic ClocksThe new technology of Chip-Scale Atomic Clocks (CSACs) – low power, small scale clocks which are comparable in accuracy to the much larger atomic clocks which are currently centralized look set to revolutionize a number of industries in which incredibly accurate timing is important. There are a number of technologies and industries that require a number of accurately synchronized devices in order to operate.  In oil and mineral exploration, for example, pulses of sound are sent into the ground and then detected by a number of receivers located around the search area. By measuring the difference in the time it takes for the pulse to reach each station, it is possible to infer the density of the material and therefore what it might be. In this process it is vital that the receivers are perfectly synchronized because even a short discrepancy in time can misidentify materials and cost companies money.Another example would be in the 3D digital mapping of bodies which can be either dynamic, such as humans, or static, such as terrain, by placing receivers on the surface of the body and measuring how long it takes a signal to reach the receiver from a base station and therefore how far away each point is. Once again, even a small discrepancy in the synchronization of the devices can have a serious affect on the result as sound, for example travels at 330m/s. so an error of 1 millisecond would mean an error of 33cm This means that incorporating CSAC technology could drastically improve the accuracy of these measurements.By far the most common use of atomic clocks, however, and therefore the system most likely to benefit from chip-scale implementations of this technology are GPS systems.  Current systems, which are unable to accurately keep sufficiently accurate time using internal components, require four satellites in order to determine a three dimensional spatial coordinate and a position in time. This is because the instantaneous time is not stored on the GPS device but is sent from each of the satellites, which are in turn synchronized with highly accurate atomic clocks on earth. By computing the difference in the time the signal is received from each satellite, it is possible to determine the location of the GPS device relative to the four satellites. Because of the new technology of Chip-Scale Atomic Clocks (CSACs) – low power, small scale clocks which are comparable in accuracy to the much larger atomic clocks which are currently centralized, it is now possible to have an incredibly accurate reading of the time anywhere in the world without a connection to a satellite, internet connection or even external power supply. By combining this with a conventional GPS device, it is possible to reduce the number of satellites necessary in producing a perfect triangulation by 1, using just three satellites to find the position of a GPS device in three dimensions and, with certain one dimensional applications (e.g. locomotive), rely on only one satellite to provide a location.Chronos Technology Ltd produces a range of systems that are able to do this, known as CTL45x , putting them at the forefront of the future of GPS systems and providing them with an interest in improving their product range, specifically with sales to commercial organizations in mind, describing itself as a ‘business to business specialist’. The company is well placed within commerce to provide GPS and high accuracy timing solutions to companies that require them. Given Chronos’ considerable stake in the innovation of GPS technology, the company must look to improve upon and add to their recent innovations in the field of GPS technology to combat problems inherent with the system.The current GPS system relies on a direct signal link to multiple satellites to function with precision and therefore the accuracy of the system can be precarious because there are many situations in which it is impossible to achieve such a link for example indoors and underground, in places with poor GPS coverage, underwater, in outdoor locations with a lot of overhead obstructions such as dense forest or urban areas with tall buildings, and in areas where signals are intentionally blocked by jamming devices.  In all of these locations it can be important in certain circumstances to be able to accurately determine the location of a resource, be it a person, vehicle or piece of machinery.The relatively high cost of the new technology means it can be assumed that the customer will be a commercial, military or government organization which has a large budget and are obliged to adhere to the highest safety standards and therefore requires a much more accurate and reliable information than a casual user may, regardless of the cost. Amazon and BMW typify a widespread contemporary drive for automation in industry with a specific desire to automate the transportation of goods around worksites and theatres of operation with BMW using robots in their factories and Amazon unveiling a prototype design for a flying drone to deliver packages to customers. Both of these examples require accurate location information both within the device in order to help it navigate and by a centralized system which can orchestrate the devices’ routes, prevent collisions and generally manage the status of the company’s stock of automated devices.Other organizations, particularly transport companies, be they aircraft, submersible, locomotive or even emerging driverless vehicles, require positioning systems that are as accurate as possible in order to improve the navigation systems they use to complete their journeys but also require incredibly reliable navigation and positioning system because the cost of being unable to navigate reliably even for a short period of time can be potentially catastrophic, particularly when human passengers are involved. It is therefore vital that vehicles are able to maintain accurate positioning in any situation, regardless of their ability to connect to and communicate with satellites.It may also be apt to incorporate this GPS technology into resource location and recovery in more general terms, for example soldiers currently carry GPS devices in order to aid with their own navigation in open spaces or between locales but operations and communication would be simplified with the knowledge of the exact location of each person in the team even within buildings.To summarize, the target customers are organizations who are willing to spend large amounts of money to ensure they are able to accurately locate their resources even in adverse conditions currently unsupported by traditional GPS systems. These companies include oil, mining, precision tunneling, and transport companies as well as militaries or any company with a stake in the newly emerging autonomous vehicles and ‘drones’ markets.These companies are likely to have a team of professional, trained engineers who are dedicated to designing and manufacturing devices for their respective companies. It is expensive, time consuming and risky to redesign large proportions of a system so ideally, companies would choose units that are able to interface with systems that have been previously designed and output location data in a format that is consistent with current standards, minimizing the need to redesign components that use the position information currently taken from the standard GPS. For the same reason, it is also important that any new device should conform to roughly the same footprint as previous devices. The end user should also be provided with technical specifications and data in order to be able to fully understand and be able to utilize the product.There are a variety of local and international engineering standards to which the system must be able to comply…